---
layout: home
permalink: index.html

# Please update this with your repository name and title
repository-name: e15-4yp-Real-Time-Data-processing-and-AI-for-Distributed-IoT
title: Real-Time Data processing and AI for Distributed IoT
---

[comment]: # "This is the standard layout for the project, but you can clean this and use your own template"

# Real-Time Data processing and AI for Distributed IoT

#### Team

- E/15/246,Rajitha Opanayaka, [email](mailto:rajithaopanayaka.ro@gmail.com)
- E/15/385,Amila Weerasinghe , [email](mailto:amilaweerasinghe677@gmail.com)
- E/15/363, Rashmi Thilakarathne, [email](mailto:ireshe1996@gmail.com)

#### Supervisors

- Dr. Upul Jayasinghe, [email](mailto:upuljm@eng.pdn.ac.lk)
- Dr. Damayanthi Herath , [email](mailto:damayanthiherath@eng.pdn.ac.lk)

#### Table of content

1. [Abstract](#abstract)
2. [Related works](#related-works)
3. [Methodology](#methodology)
4. [Experiment Setup and Implementation](#experiment-setup-and-implementation)
5. [Results and Analysis](#results-and-analysis)
6. [Conclusion](#conclusion)
7. [Publications](#publications)
8. [Links](#links)

---

## Abstract
Artificial Intelligence has impacted in a variety of
industries, leading the world towards revolutionary applications
and services that are primarily driven by high-performance
computation and storage facilities in the cloud. This is mainly due
to the advantage of having higher computational power, larger
storage capacity and scalability. But with the increase of millions
of IoT devices, a huge amount of data is being generated by
end devices. To process such data, the distributed end devices
have to communicate with the cloud servers making it difficult
to generate real-time decisions though it consumes a lot of
resources including bandwidth, processing and storage facilities
at the cloud. On the other hand, Edge computing architectures
enable a distributed way to process data near the sources of
data which leads to facilitate real-time processing. But with the
limited resources in the end devices, it is quite challenging to
perform complex AI algorithms. Hence to facilitate such services
and to enable real time processing at the edge,a novel approach
is proposed base on computation distribution, vectorization,
computation offloading, parallelization and federated learning
techniques.


## Related works

## Methodology


## Experiment Setup and Implementation

## Results and Analysis

## Conclusion

## Publications
1. [Semester 7 report](./)
2. [Semester 7 slides](./)
3. [Semester 8 report](./)
4. [Semester 8 slides](./)
5. Author 1, Author 2 and Author 3 "Research paper title" (2021). [PDF](./).


## Links

[//]: # ( NOTE: EDIT THIS LINKS WITH YOUR REPO DETAILS )

- [Project Repository](https://github.com/cepdnaclk/Real-Time-Data-processing-and-AI-for-Distributed-IoT)
- [Project Page](https://cepdnaclk.github.io/Real-Time-Data-processing-and-AI-for-Distributed-IoT)
- [Department of Computer Engineering](http://www.ce.pdn.ac.lk/)
- [University of Peradeniya](https://eng.pdn.ac.lk/)

[//]: # "Please refer this to learn more about Markdown syntax"
[//]: # "https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet"
